Clarify line 157 of best-practices-for-log-management.md (#23457)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/best-practices-for-log-management.md

1. Navigate to [Monitors > New Monitor][13] and click **Event**.
2. Enter: `source:datadog "daily quota reached"` in the **Define the search query** section.

> 3. Add `datadog_index` to the **group by** field. It will automatically update to `datadog_index(datadog_index)`. The `datadog_index(datadog_index)` tag is only available when an event has already been generated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add `datadog_index` to the **group by** field. It automatically updates to `datadog_index(datadog_index)`. The `datadog_index(datadog_index)` tag is only available when an event has already been generated. 
```
